Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good morning.
It must be nearly five.
Mmm… Exactly.
The perfect time for sleep.
The perfect time
to start work before anyone else is up.
Sophie.
last night…
You do not need your position here
or the other one you were planning
on taking
if you are to be with me.
I have not agreed to be with you.
I…
-But we…
-We were caught up in the moment.
We made a mistake.
which is no excuse. really.
I know better than that.
I promised myself I would
never fall into bed with a gentleman.
And I broke that promise.
For you
and your… stupid hair
and your… stupid eyes
and that stupid smile.
Good thing I am no gentleman.
It is not a joke. Benedict.
I know.
I took what happened last night
with the utmost seriousness.
I was not "caught up."
I love you. Sophie.
You love me.
but you could never be with me.
not legitimately.
And now I might be with child.
in which case I will have no choice
but to be your mistress.
So forgive me
if I am not convinced that love is enough.
I will show you it is.
No matter what happens.
I must get back to my post
while I still have it.
And you must do whatever it is
gentlemen do with their endless free time.
Eight days.
As it was apparent that my approach
with the Queen was not well received.
I thought perhaps you might know
a better way to convince her.
You are the Queen Whisperer. after all.
Yes. I believe my whisper
can only be heard
by Her Majesty's dogs these days.
Forgive me. Penelope.
I do not know that I can be of much help.
Are you certain
you wish to give up Whistledown?
I am proud
of all I have accomplished. but…
I should like to begin a new chapter.
I am afraid
new chapters may not be ours to write
unless she… guides the pen.
Dearest Gentle Reader.
there are moments in our lives
when we arrive at a crossroads.
We cannot run from it.
We cannot go around.
We must face it head-on.
Unfortunately. Your Majesty.
Mrs. Mondrich tells me that Miss Hollis
is not Mr. Bridgerton's mystery lady.
I see.
Perhaps there is someone else.
Do you think there is someone else?
And in choosing which path to walk.
a course is set
that may determine one's very fate.
No.
No. I do not believe so.
You may take your place again
at the back of the line.
Just this week.
I hear the new Lord Penwood
is fated to arrive at last
in Mayfair with his bride.
But their nuptials were so secretive.
not even this author
has found out the particulars.
And they are not the only ones
who have made a long-awaited return.
He's awake.
Right. come on. then.
Straight to the pall mall pitch.
What color mallet
do you think he shall prefer?
Hello.
-Aww…
-Oh. come here.
-Yes.
-Hey.
Neither of us will be moving
from this room for quite some time.
Yes.
The journey back from India
was arduous enough.
We are sorry for your sake
that your travels are not yet over.
Well. when Mother summons…
-I wish you were coming with me.
-Mm.
But I know you both need your rest.
We will join you very soon.
Tell everyone hello
from me in the meantime.
I will.
-I'll miss you.
-I'll miss you too.
And Edmund.
Eh?
-Oh… ah!
-Hey!
I keep imagining
what my mother and your mother
might be doing now in Scotland.
In my mind. my mother is blowing her way
through an overlong story
about adventures she had with your father
back when they were young.
Swashbuckling through the Highlands.
And Aunt Janet is probably sitting there.
silent. pretending to listen.
It seems.
like my mother. I am blowing on now
while you pretend to listen.
just like your mother.
No. No. forgive me. I…
My mind is on last night.
I know you and Francesca
were having some difficulty.
Oh…
I went to bed before she and I could speak
but I do not believe she meant any insult.
Do you think there is hope
of reconciliation between the two of you?
Good day.
Francesca.
I am sorry I was late to bed last night.
Michaela kept me up until midnight.
-Your guest kept you up.
-Lord Taylor would not leave.
But you did not help things
by encouraging his nonsense about barley.
I stand by the fact I have invented
a marvelous new drinking game.
A sip… every time
Lord Taylor mentions barley.
We must invite him to every party
so that we might get drunk as fish.
Please do not make me laugh anymore.
My head.
Did you partake in this drinking game?
I may have… given it a try.
Mm.
Forgive me. but… are you two friends now?
-Of course we are.
-Obviously.
Hmm.
I did not know
there was so much to be said about barley.
I do not wish to invest in the collieries.
Coal seems a dirty business.
Let us make
an additional investment in copper.
Tell Lord Power no.
I do not wish to go hunting with him.
He will talk so much
he will scare away all the game.
And write to Mr. Boyle and tell him
we cannot send him any more funds
to patch his fence
unless he hires a competent builder.
so it does not fall down
in the first place.
Mr. Bridgerton. you are.
uh… inspired this morning.
Mm. I am.
Uh. would you perhaps like
to visit Bridgerton House. then?
Your mother sent word again this morning.
I… There is simply too much
to take care of at the moment.
Speaking of which. I should also
like you to write to the Crabtrees.
I may wish to prepare My Cottage
for full-time residence.
Sophie. are you feeling all right
after the other night?
You were ill. remember?
Yes. that is right.
I am much better now. thank you.
-Well. that is a relief.
-Mm.
I do not know how Benedict found out.
His valet is rather prying.
But I thought we were being so discreet.
Violet. I am certain
the younger children are none the wiser.
And we have not done anything wrong.
We are an unmarried pair.
conducting an affair in my family home.
And would you like to address
the matter of our being unmarried?
Uh. I…
-Well. I…
-I did not think so.
Perhaps it would be a relief to both of us
if the engagement question
were beyond consideration.
Oh.
If I may ask. why is it that it would be
a relief. exactly. for you?
-We have been...
-Forgive my interruption. my lady.
The dowager Lady Penwood
and her daughters are here to call on you.
for the third time this week.
Shall I send them away again?
Three times is rather many.
Perhaps best to get it over with.
I shall away.
Yes. Yes. I shall see her.
I could use the distraction.
How are you finding Grosvenor Square.
Lady Penwood?
Our new home is adequate.
-Are these your only two children at home?
-They are.
Your second son called upon
my Rosamund not so long ago.
Were you aware?
Well. that is Benedict.
always making new friends.
My dance instructor is Miss Madden.
Did you have Miss Madden?
No.
We had Miss Hoover.
Mama will not like you
eating a second biscuit.
Mama is distracted. looking for...
Did you enjoy your recital?
It is a relief the Maid Wars
have calmed down now. is it not?
How is your help?
Oh. Well…
We…
Posy!
Apologies.
I had a bite of biscuit.
which is delicious.
but my throat was so dry.
the crumbs tickled it.
and I… then I could not breathe.
And yet. you still manage to talk.
I once employed a maid
who baked perfectly buttered biscuits.
They were never dry.
And yet. I had to dismiss her.
She had aspirations above her station.
And she stole from me.
Diamond shoe clips.
Well. that is most unpleasant.
She was called Sophie Baek.
Is that so?
I should've turned her over
to the justices of the peace.
Lady Bridgerton. another visitor for you.
Lady Bridgerton. I… I can come down
to you if you need something.
May I come in?
Of course. my lady.
I wanted to make sure you were quite well
after seeing your former employer.
Oh. the look on your face
when you saw her.
Lady Penwood was the employer
you spoke about having
a disagreement with. no doubt.
She was.
I have always found Lady Penwood unkind.
I imagine her servants
felt the brunt of her ill humor.
She even went so far as to claim you stole
diamond shoe clips from her.
That is true. my lady.
Well. I did not steal them exactly.
but I took them.
In seven years.
she never once paid me a wage.
I felt I had no choice
when she kicked me out.
For what it is worth. they turned out
not to be diamonds but cheap paste.
-But that was all I took. I promise.
-I believe you. Sophie.
A letter of introduction.
And not because I believe Lady Penwood.
Because. well.
you asked for one.
Oh. yes.
Thank you.
Is the position
you wish to take still available?
-I will have to confirm.
-Mm-hmm.
In fact. uh… might I have a week or so
to conclude my work here?
You know. I was hesitant
to let you go at first.
Well. I still am.
But Lady Penwood is next door now
and seems hell-bent on finding you.
regardless of the worth
of her vulgar shoe clips.
You may take the time you need. of course.
But as much as I hate to say it… and I do…
I now believe that a position elsewhere
may be in your best interest.
Thank you. Lady Bridgerton.
What was the voyage like?
Tell us everything.
Long and terrible.
-Anthony!
-Mother.
Can you imagine being stuck
that long on a ship?
Can I imagine what it is like
to feel stuck? That is the question?
You look well.
-And Kate and the baby?
-Everyone is healthy.
A little tired. but healthy.
-They'll be with us the end of the week.
-Oh. good.
Oh. you cannot imagine
how glad I am that you are back.
We received your letter at Aubrey Hall.
-Is everything all right?
-Everything is perfect. You are home.
So…
What is it?
It is your brother.
He will not listen to me.
I know. He's got many on the go. it seems.
He is a man in love.
Or so he says. Someone who has only
exchanged three words with the young lady.
Love is not rational.
Let Gregory have his fun.
He has somehow convinced Hyacinth to ask
Miss Rochelle for ice cream next week
so that he can tag along
and speak with her.
Smart boy. He has clearly studied
and bested us three bumbling idiots.
Mm. Pardon me.
I'm going to bumble to find more drinks.
Slow service today.
Since when are you
the brother to finish his drink last?
Ah. I'm trying
to keep a clear head of late.
And are you? Clearheaded?
In fact. more than ever.
Is that because of your fraternization
with our younger sister's lady's maid?
Hmm.
-This has come from our mother. I imagine?
-So it is true?
I had hoped I had not been dragged
from my wife and child
for such an act of foolishness.
A maid? Benedict!
If you wish to compare
apples to opera singers.
we can certainly do that.
It is not the same.
And you know it.
She is in our home. Around our family.
Have the good sense to end it.
as I did my dalliance.
No. you are right.
It is not the same. It is not a dalliance.
Well. that is even worse.
If you think I had not convinced myself
that mine was also something more.
you are mistaken.
But I was wrong. as I am certain you are.
Well. I know my own mind. Anthony.
You're not being rational.
Putting aside the damage this could do
to our younger sisters
if it were to come out.
have you any idea of how difficult
a life you are setting yourself up for?
Not able to live your life in the open...
I do not know my own mind.
and I am not capable of difficulty.
Thank the devil you returned.
and with the new heir. no less.
Congratulations. by the way. Excuse me.
I have my own work to do
to take care of those I care for.
What did I miss?
The new Lady Penwood
has been in London for a week.
and Whistledown has yet
to report on her identity.
Your new housekeeper is hardly
up to the mark when it comes to gossip.
That is my work. Mama.
No one has quite the knack
for gossip that Varley had.
I do not wish to speak of that woman.
Have you seen her around town at all?
You have a visitor. Mrs. Bridgerton.
When you alert us to a visitor. Rae.
you must give us
all the necessary information.
Such as who our visitor is.
It is the new Lady Penwood. ma'am.
Oh?
Lady Featherington. Mrs. Bridgerton.
Miss Cowper.
It is Lady Penwood now.
A most advantageous match. is it not?
What is it you want?
Penelope. look at us.
Two unlikely heroines.
now married. and married well.
One can count us down.
but never fully out.
We've always been similar in that regard.
You and I. similar?
Well. I may have brought
some of my fate upon myself.
but my tale is
a fascinating one. is it not?
Full of ruin. repair.
and eventually romance.
Lord Penwood is
an old friend of my Aunt Joanna's
and became captivated by me
upon visiting us in Wales.
Do you not think your readers would be
captivated themselves by such a tale?
I have kept the details
of my return a secret all this time.
just so you might benefit.
So that you might benefit
from me easing
your transition back into society.
My marriage protects me
in certain respects.
But not from the Queen
or anyone of higher rank.
Between the two of us.
you hold all the power now.
You could make or break me
with but a stroke of your pen.
and it would not change a thing
about your circumstances.
If it matters at all. I would like to…
apologize for last season.
And the ones before that.
And now I'd like to give you this.
an invitation to my first ball
as Lady Penwood.
Yes. it will benefit me if you attend.
but perhaps you might also enjoy yourself.
Please. consider it.
It will at least be a source of gossip
and certainly a spectacle.
See?
That should do it.
Are you ill again?
Cook's pigeon stew.
I am certain it is delicious.
but the smell of it disagrees with me.
The other night.
when you said you were ill.
I came to your room to see after you.
but you were not there.
Oh. I was…
-Well. I was...
-Is it someone who works here?
You are in love. are you not?
You must have sneaked out
to meet someone that night. surely?
What? No. I was simply...
It could not be someone who works here.
You are far too educated.
You would have nothing to talk about.
Perhaps a wealthy merchant in town. then?
There is no one. Hazel. I have work to do.
I suppose I should finish polishing
the floors in the grand hall.
I believe Footman John
is on duty there today.
What? We are not born simply
to work and die.
You have been pacing all week.
I am tired of standing still.
There is something else.
This is not simply restless pacing.
I… I know something.
Something that I should not know.
Something the Queen would like to know
but that I very much should not tell her.
What is it?
I do not wish to tell you. Or her.
I do not wish to always be waiting.
to be told what to do.
who to spy on. when to speak.
That is not what Lady Danbury would do.
What are you doing?
-Show me your best punch.
-Will.
Show me.
No. you cannot be the wife of a boxer
with a punch like that.
If you wish to get
to the front of the queue.
then you must take your moment
when it is least expected.
You must not wait to be allowed.
or you will never catch your opp...
There she is.
Thank you.
What is this?
A world. Just for us.
Will you sit with me?
I brought you a blanket.
What is all this for?
I told you.
I am intent on showing you
how serious I am about our future.
Will we live in this conservatory?
Hiding from your family
every day until night falls.
Mm.
I sent word to the Crabtrees
to prepare My Cottage
so that we might live there.
Permanently.
Away from prying eyes.
What about society?
I know you pretend to hate
all that is conventional.
but you relish a party. and your family…
I will travel back and forth.
and when I am gone.
the Crabtrees will be there.
I know. it is not ideal.
or proper. as you deserve.
But is it not better
than not being together at all?
For us to make a life together…
There is still so much
we do not know of one another.
Mm-hmm.
I want to know
every little thing about you.
And for you to know me.
You know. there is a reason why
I bluster on about hating convention.
Oh. yes. I know.
You care for the little man.
No. Well. yes. but…
Society's rules make
little men out of all of us.
Or little women. as it were.
Society should not be allowed
to dictate the rules
of how one lives life.
Or who one loves.
Well. I… I am capable of caring for you.
just as I have cared for women
I have known who are of the ton.
Just as I have cared for some men
whom I have known intimately.
And I refuse to be
at all ashamed about that.
Love is always a thing to be proud of.
The world needs more of it.
Mm. Then let me love you.
My love for you is greater
than anything I have felt before.
It will not be what you deserve.
But I can offer you a better life.
You will never again
have to wake before dawn.
Or clean.
Or mend.
And… we will be together.
And what if you change your mind?
Promises can be broken
as easily as they are made.
Sophie. I'm not so fickle as...
You have said you would never marry.
but what if a life in secret
weighs on you?
There may come a day when a more eligible
young lady will capture your heart.
I refuse to put myself or.
God forbid. a child
at risk of being abandoned.
left begging for scraps!
Do you truly believe
I would do that to you? Or to a child?
That I'm some heartless. mercurial rogue?
-How could you possibly...
-Because I am illegitimate.
My mother was a maid.
-And my father…
-Was…
A nobleman.
Just like me.
My very existence in this world
is a shameful secret.
You cannot imagine how that feels.
I may never be able to make you my wife.
But I will be bound to you…
in every way that counts.
And should we have a child…
That child will feel our love magnified.
And…
We'll be a family.
And what of your family?
We…
I…
I will find a solution to that.
Please. just
allow me the chance to show you
that I will keep my promise.
Oh!
That girl has some audacity.
thinking I would attend her ball.
She has some nerve
even arranging such a ball
without coming to see me first.
She did request to see you. Your Majesty.
Her parading around as Lady Whistledown
last season has not been forgotten.
I should not like
anyone attending her ball.
Your Majesty. may I speak?
What do you have to say?
Perhaps. Your Majesty.
instead of forbidding anyone
from attending Lady Penwood's ball.
you might tell her
to host the ball in your honor.
And why would I do that?
Well. if you let her believe
that you are planning to attend.
Lady Penwood will surely
boast about it to the entire ton.
And then. perhaps.
if you were to decide at the last minute
not to attend…
it would convey a message to the ton.
and surely to Lady Penwood.
about where exactly you stand.
Without your having to do a thing.
Wait to be called upon next time.
We are so glad you recovered so well.
Much better than Anthony. I must say.
What have I missed. then?
What is the latest gossip?
That is the viscountess.
Little? What about Cressida's
return to society?
She's married and is hosting a ball.
We're not attending. are we?
Oh. I wish I could go.
I'm certain it will be grand.
Have you seen the way
she has her hair done?
I do have trouble imagining us attending.
Can we all stay home.
then. as a sign of disapproval?
-You would always prefer to stay home.
-If I may.
I know the new Lady Penwood
was rather cruel in the past.
but does every young woman
not deserve a chance to reform?
I should not like to imagine
what might befall me
if I were judged only on the mistakes
I made in my early years.
Oh. Kate. you are saintly.
But you were not there to witness
the way the woman handles a refreshment.
Directly onto my dress.
-No.
-Yes.
Well. that is fair enough.
Perhaps I have gone soft
since becoming a mother.
Oh. Edmund!
My grandson!
Oh. hello. little one.
-Hello.
-Good day.
Oh. we are all softened.
You do look like Daddy.
Benedict Bridgerton.
Why are you loitering here?
Lady Danbury.
On your way in to meet the baby?
Mm-hmm. And you?
Yes. I was called in
for that purpose as well.
But I. uh…
-I am avoiding my mother.
-Ah.
We had
a rather thorny encounter last week.
Hm. Are you certain it is not because
you have always been the spare.
but now.
you have been put out to pasture
by that small. wriggling child?
It is a strange feeling.
In fact. I have dreaded
this moment most of my life.
Meeting the infant
who would make me purposeless.
Well. more so than usual. anyway.
But seeing him now.
I am struck with a different feeling.
Love?
I cannot love him yet. Lady Danbury.
I have not even met the man.
Perhaps it is love.
Perhaps it is envy.
seeing the way such a small creature
has brought so much joy
to all of my family
and brought them all together.
There is no need for envy.
One day. you will surely bring
the very same joy
to everyone in that room.
Oh. yes. Oh. dear. don't worry.
-Now we have a present for you.
-Oh. what's this. Edmund?
-What's this?
-Do you hear that?
He's very lovely.
Forgive me. Lady Danbury. I have. um…
I've left my gift for the baby at home.
I cannot believe Cressida
turned up on your doorstep.
It was certainly a shock.
Does all seem right with her?
I did hear her husband is rather handsome.
but… do you think
she was forced into her marriage?
You are kindhearted. Eloise Bridgerton.
Have you forgotten how she tried to ruin
you and your entire family last year?
Surprisingly. I think about it much less
than about her stealing the spotlight
at your engagement party
to announce herself as Whistledown.
Can you imagine what she was thinking?
I cannot.
Perhaps I should have let her
take the name. then.
The Queen will never let me give it up.
The Queen lives in a very gilded cage.
and Whistledown may be her only way
to travel to the outside world.
Since when have you had sympathy
for the Queen?
Since everyone in my life took a husband.
I am in my own gilded.
unmarried Bridgerton cage.
She must be lonely.
-The Queen.
-Hm.
Perhaps it is time
I appeal to her better angels.
Worth a try.
She is ready for you. Mrs. Bridgerton.
I hope you return with something
of value this time. Mrs. Bridgerton.
I do.
An apology.
Last time I was here. I spoke at length
about feeling trapped by Whistledown.
But it was thoughtless of me to say that
to you. of all people. Your Majesty.
I do not need an apology. Mrs. Bridgerton.
I want gossip.
I want to know what is going on
with Benedict Bridgerton.
The truth is.
I do not know.
Now that I am known publicly.
I'm avoided like the plague
by anyone with any real gossip.
Because for everyone in the ton.
Whistledown functions
just as this palace does for you.
It keeps them trapped.
watched. scrutinized.
I'm certain for you.
Whistledown is one of your only ways
of living in the outside world.
But knowing what it feels like
to be so confined.
would it not be pleasant
to give society a reprieve?
To allow them to simply
live their lives the way they wish.
without fear.
There you are.
Good evening. Sophie.
I may need your help with something.
Sophie is helping me at the moment.
I can see that.
But what if she helped you get ready
for Cressida's ball tonight instead?
I'd get into too much trouble.
Not if I were to sneak you in
in some kind of a disguise.
It would of course entail you
having to speak to me again though.
Are you quite serious?
Sophie. can you do my hair up?
In fact. I have an idea
about how to make you nearly invisible.
If your sister approves.
-Does Mama know?
-No. of course not.
We will take the second carriage
so she will not see us.
Are you ready. my love?
Did you hear?
The ball is in the Queen's honor.
Oh… And where is she?
It is rather garish.
It was much more beautiful
when we lived here.
I like the pink.
There is no accounting for taste.
Are you certain you wish to be here.
and for all of us to be here as well?
I am grateful you have come along.
I promise.
Tonight will be worth your while.
Where is Eloise?
She has been delayed.
She should be here shortly.
Is it everything you dreamed?
It is more.
Eloise.
Good evening.
I have a feeling
the Queen is not going to attend at all.
I think you might be right.
She did not even look twice at me.
I really am invisible as a maid.
That. or invisible to someone
who cares only about rank.
Excuse me.
-Lady Bridgerton.
-Lord Anderson.
You look exceptional tonight.
That is most kind.
When can I see you next?
-We can meet at mine. as we discussed.
-I… In fact…
Could we meet for tea?
Actual tea.
I have been thinking about
our discussion earlier in the week.
and I should like to…
Conclude it.
Of course.
Forgive me.
Mother.
So you will avoid me
for nearly a fortnight.
but not Cressida Cowper's ball?
I am here because I have failed
in my duties to my family lately.
and it has taken a toll.
It will continue taking a toll
if you carry on as you are.
I hope you being here tonight
means you have decided to let her be.
For her sake.
Cressida may have our heads
if she catches us snooping in her gardens.
John. surely we should get back
to the ball as Penelope asked.
Shh…
-Ah…
-Mm-hmm.
-Shall we. then?
-Mm.
In fact. I do not think I can be silent.
-No?
-Forgive me.
I am moved beyond silence
to tell you
what an exquisite woman you are.
Hmm.
The perfect wife.
and I know you'll be the perfect mother
when the time is right.
I love you. Francesca.
I love you. John Stirling.
Always.
If this evening were truly in her honor.
would she not be here ready?
How humiliating for the new Lady Penwood.
The Queen will not be arriving.
-She's not coming.
-I've got my own pair of shoes now.
The Queen is not coming.
I shall have to make a speech
to distract them.
Ladies and gentlemen.
What is this?
Did you allow this?
Dearest Gentle Reader.
if there is anything that unites us all.
it is our secrets.
As the keeper of yours these past years.
it is time at last for this author
to tell you a few of her own.
For one. I must tell you. Reader.
that I have felt a fondness
for each and every person
I have ever written about.
There is a comfort in knowing
that we are all human.
all fallible.
and also all capable of great change.
And I come with the secret tonight
of great change. indeed.
For tonight.
I am resting my pen.
The issue you hold in your hands
will be my last.
She will not write about tonight.
Perhaps that is for the best.
I thank you.
each one of you. for your readership.
Knowing you has been one
of the great pleasures of my life.
-Have you seen this?
-What?
It is done.
I could not be more proud.
It is nearly done.
Who will be Lady Whistledown now?
I expect the ton will have to get
their gossip the old-fashioned way.
Those tawdry scandal sheets
Penelope once put out of business.
But who will write of my debut?
Who will write
that I am the diamond of the season?
I'm sure someone will take on that mantle.
Please do not tell Mama.
Your secret is safe
as long as we leave immediately
before Mother catches me too.
Who is that maid
Mr. Bridgerton is speaking with?
Is it Sophie?
Well. we know she doesn't work here.
If she did. surely we would have heard
about it from the old Penwood servants.
Mm.
Here. my Lord.
Was that not the most
magical evening of our entire lives?
Benedict!
You have been sitting at my desk.
planning a life with her at My Cottage.
No. At my cottage. brother.
I see my valet
does not know where his loyalty lies.
He let me intimidate him. as should you.
-If you'd thought it through for a moment.
-I have thought it through.
I have thought every inch of it through.
You have been gone
longer than you realize.
You do not know me now.
I know that you mean well. always.
But if you're choosing a life with her.
you cannot have thought it through.
I will not...
Thought about
how she'll feel when you marry?
-I do not need to marry!
-What about when you want a family?
I know you'll want one. one day.
and you cannot do that with her.
-Can I not?
-No.
Not in the way that you would like.
I understand you may've convinced yourself
she is reason enough to risk everything.
but think. if you ever have a family.
what the reality of life
would be like for those children.
They'll never be able to join our family.
Not truly. They'll be shunned by society.
Cast out.
Not even our mother is saintly enough
to allow such a thing.
I could not live with myself
if I looked into Edmund's eyes
knowing I had brought him
into this world under those conditions.
Could you?
I have thought of that.
All of it.
But I cannot walk away from her.
I should cut you off.
Disown you. Protect the family.
But I believe in you…
to make the right decision in the end.
So please.
do not make me the fool.
How did they react?
The news certainly put the ball
into disarray. Your Majesty.
Just as I hoped.
You have upstaged Lady Penwood.
Very well.
I look forward to seeing
what you will write next. Mrs. Bridgerton.
And you will bring me
any gossip you might hear.
from time to time?
Of course. Your Majesty.
I am most grateful for your blessing.
thank you. Thank you.
You may go.
Lady Danbury.
Your Majesty?
Thank you.
Another blue piece.
That goes in the sky.
That is an awful lot of sky.
And you do not like
an awful lot of anything.
I like a moderate amount of sky.
Some clouds and trees to pen it in
is a much more comfortable view.
I should like to see
the whole sky at once.
This is the last piece.
As you've both been exceptionally helpful.
I think one of you should do the honors.
Well. I think it should be me.
I put together so much of the ground.
And I completed the sky.
You cannot have one without the other.
Shall we place it together?
Ah.
Well. with that I think
I shall lie down for a nap.
-Are you feeling well?
-Only a small headache.
Parliament again. surely.
I shall be revived by dinnertime.
-Will you wake me?
-Of course.
Hm. What number is this
in your jigsaw collection?
-Nineteen.
-Shall we start the other one?
I knew you would enjoy it.
-Lord Anderson.
-Thank you. Mrs. Wilson.
Good day. Lady Bridgerton.
Are you wishing to end this?
Far from it. Is there a reason you ask?
Well. our conversation
the other day made it quite apparent
that you do not wish
to formalize anything.
Uh. is there... Why… Why is that?
Violet. because you have been
so distressed
by what the children
might or might not know.
I felt distressed for you.
And I thought it would put you at ease
to know that there is no need
to formalize anything.
Oh. I see.
Yes. Yes. That was very kind of you.
But you should know. if you did wish
to formalize our attachment.
there is nothing in the world
that would bring me greater joy.
I know your children are your whole life.
and I know I can never replace
the late Lord Bridgerton in your heart.
as I will always hold
a special affection for Nessa.
I would never wish to usurp
your affection for your family. ever.
But to join them.
it would be a remarkable thing.
It would be rather a relief
not to have to sneak around anymore.
You are a practical woman.
I love that about you.
I love you. in fact.
Marcus…
If you would have me.
I would very much like to marry you.
Yes. Yes. I will.
Sophie.
Ah. Thank you for coming.
I have an interview tomorrow
at Penwood House
under the new lady of the house.
You are taking the other position?
If it is offered to me. yes.
Tonight would be my last night here.
I… wanted to say goodbye.
-But… What about…?
-I am not with child. I…
I never was. apparently.
My courses returned last night.
I see.
Uh…
You still do not have to take
a new position though.
I promised I would take care of you.
And that remains true
whether or not you are with child.
That is kind of you. Most gentlemanly.
But you do not owe me anything.
But this was never to do
with owing you something.
Sophie. and you know that.
-It was about...
-Love?
I thought it could be enough. I…
I wanted it to be enough.
but we both know it is not.
What is love in the face of generations
of established practice?
In the face of society.
of the strong lines drawn to divide us?
I do not wish to fight against all of that
any more than you do.
More importantly…
Your family.
I have never before seen such mutual love.
I could not live with myself
if I tore you away from them.
I could still take care of you.
I… I could get you
an apartment in the city.
Or you could stay on at Bridgerton House.
if that is what you wish.
The more closely we remain connected.
the more tempted we will be.
And eventually we will make
the same mistake we already made once.
Please do not call
what happened between us a mistake.
Please.
I must go.
John? Dinner is almost ready.
You wanted me to wake you.
That was enjoyable. was it not?
The three of us
completing that jigsaw together.
I'm delighted
we all shall be such great friends.
John?
John. wake up.
No!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org